content: publish jtag article #5 (#473)
memfault/interrupt: _drafts/diving-into-jtag-part5.md

<!-- excerpt start -->

> In previous articles we have considered the main examples of JTAG usage, such as debugging
> and testing boards in production. For firmware/embedded developers, the
> first example - debugging - is the most useful. In this article, I want to look
> at two examples of JTAG Boundary Scan, which can be very useful in the everyday work of

Reviewer: I like the rework but I think we could clarify the language some more. How about:
```suggestion
In previous articles, we have considered the primary uses of JTAG, including debugging
and testing boards in production. For firmware/embedded developers, the
first - debugging - is the most common. In this article, I want to look
at two uses of JTAG Boundary Scan, which are also common tasks for
a firmware/embedded developer: board bring-up and reverse engineering.
```

We specify [STM32F405_415_407_417_LQFP100.bsd](https://bsdl.info/details.htm?sid=61a8799988cb03f688ca59b002289d77)
file for the first TAP - SGS/Thomson(`06413041h`) as it is responsible for Boundary Scan. We leave the second TAP

> in `BYPASS .`To select a file, click the *CLICK HERE TO SET* link and select the desired file.

Reviewer: Looks like we actually want to make this:
```suggestion
in `BYPASS`. To select a file, click the *CLICK HERE TO SET* link and select the desired file.
```
